I'm not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. But, are you aware of regions? Can you assimilate a giraffe? Not MY fault this is happening. What are you looking at, Morty! Do you crave enchiladas? We also need a hang glider, and a bottom less uncle sam costume, and I want the entire field of your largest stadium secured end to end with red heads, and I want the stands packed with every man that remotely resembles my father.

I'm not looking for judgement, this aftershave made women want me, but it also made me impotent! 'Quantum carburetor'? Jesus, Morty. You can't just add a Sci-Fi word to a car word and hope it means something... Huh, looks like something's wrong with the microverse battery. We're gonna have to go inside to eat enchiladas. Alan Rails, ladies and gentlemen. After his parents' tragic death in a railroad accident, he gained the power to summon ghost trains. It's not all bad though, they were spared having to see their grown son wear a whistle. Isn't it obvious Morty? I froze him.

'Quantum carburetor'? Jesus, Morty. You can't just add a Sci-Fi word to a car word and hope it means something... Huh, looks like something's wrong with the microverse battery. We're gonna have to go inside. Uh ohhh! Somersault jump! Are these pills supposed to wake me up or something? There's pros and cons to every alternate timeline. Fun facts about this one - It's got giant, telepathic spiders, 11 9/11s, and the best ice cream in the multiverse!

I'm not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. I just killed my family! I don't care who they were! Hey, what the heck, Morty? The train you got me just completely derailed itself. There's blood all over the windows. Yeah, those two were laughing. It's called carpe diem Morty. Look it up.

I'm not looking for judgement, I do not have discolored flaps. Are you hungry for apples? Burgertime! Alien invasion tomato monster mexican armada brothers who are just regular brothers running in a van from an asteroid and all sorts of things: The movie.

Ooohhh can do. Haha god-damn! Oh god, oh, I blame myself. Oh, what a tragedy. Oh, well, he's bones now. I guess all debts are paid. Snuffles also want to be understood. Snuffles need to be understood.

CCSC{these_are_not_Quantum_apples_Morty_they_are_regular_also_encoding_is_not_secure}     